In this quiz,
we will work with this array right here,
the array we created in the previous
quiz of values of 1 to 20,
sorted in an array of sizes 4 by 5.
If we want to access a specific
element in the array, we can do
that using square brackets, just
like we access elements of a vector.
But because we have,
in this case, two dimensions,
we need to separate the two
indices with a comma.
The first index correspond
to the row index.
And the second one is the column index.
If we leave either the row or
the column index out,
that corresponds to taking all
possible values within that dimension.
So in this case,
if we write x [2,] we left
the column dimension unspecified and
the row dimension being 2.
As a result,
we'll get the entire second row.
In the quiz, please look at
the commands listed here and here and
fill in the tables with the values that
result from running these commands.